jobterm=Classe
subjobterm=Subclasse
critical-hit=Golpe Crítico
critical-hits=Golpes Críticos
human=Humano
humans=Humanos
monster=Monstro
monsters=Monstros
injury=Ferimento
injuries=Ferimentos
chest=Baú
element=Elemento
elements=Elementos
ability-points=Pontos de Habilidade
ap=PH
gadget=Invenção
gadgets=Invenções
badge=Emblema
badges=Emblemas
crafting=Produção
skill=Capacidade
skills=Capacidades
spell=Feitiço
spells=Feitiços
ability=Habilidade
abilities=Habilidades
special=Especial
regular-attack=Ataque Normal
regular-attacks=Ataques Normais
regular-melee-attack=Ataque Normal de Combate
regular-ranged-attack=Ataque Normal de Alcance
critical-hp=Crítico
passive=Passivo
passives=Passivos
counter=Revide
counters=Revides
passive-trait=Habilidade Passiva
passive-traits=Habilidades Passivas
movement=Movimento
jump=Saltar
action=Ação
atk=ATQ
mnd=INT
spd=VEL
negative-charm=Encantamento
negative-atkdn=ATQ {term-arrow-down}
negative-mnddn=INT {term-arrow-down}
negative-defdn=DEF {term-arrow-down}
negative-resdn=RES {term-arrow-down}
negative-all=todos os {debuffs}
negative-exhausted=Exaustão
positive-atkup=ATQ {term-arrow-up}
positive-mndup=INT {term-arrow-up}
positive-defup=DEF {term-arrow-up}
positive-resup=RES {term-arrow-up}
positive-critup=CRÍT {term-arrow-up}
positive-adaptaegis=Aegis Elementar
positive-adaptevade=Evasão Adaptativa
positive-all=todos os {buffs}
element-physical=Físico
element-none=Mágico

